#Title: NoTrack Malware Blocklist
#Description: Malware Domains Block List from quidsup.net
#Author: QuidsUp
#License: GNU General Public License v3.0
#Home: https://quidsup.net/notrack/malware.php
#@ GitLab : https://gitlab.com/quidsup/notrack-blocklists/raw/master/notrack-malware.txt
#Updated: 19 Nov 2020
#LatestVersion 20.10
#---------------------
2track.info #Adware
59cn7.com #Malware
7hor9gul4s.com #Malware
96.lt #Phishing
acountscr.cool #Adware Lnkr
actextdev.com #Adware Lnkr
ad2up.com #Potentially Unwanted Application
adaranth.com #Adware
addr.cx #Adware Lnkr
adfuture.cn #Android Malware
adqy6rzwcs.com #Malvertising
adsunflower.com #Android Malware
adultsonly.pro #Malware
advmob.cn #Android Malware
akamoihd.net #Ad Injector
amptylogick.com #Adware Lnkr
analyticspage.tools #Adware Lnkr
api-spotify.net #Adware Lnkr
appmakedev.xyz #Adware Lnkr
apprefaculty.pro #Malware
appslinker.net #Adware Lnkr
appsource.cool #Adware Lnkr
ashleyrnadison.com #Typo
attacketslovern.info #Adware
auslogics.com #PUA
baidu.om #Fake Site
barenudism.com #Malware RIG
beeforced.com #Adware Lnkr
best2018games.com #Popups
bestadbid.com #Malvertising
bestupdatemeta.com #Adware
beta.infopicked.com #Malware RIG
betgorebysson.club #Potentially Harmful
bfmio.com #Adware
bigestsafe.com #Adware Lnkr
biglinksrc.cool #Adware Lnkr
biosagentplus.com #Scam
biosframe.com #Adware Lnkr
boudja.com #Adware
brounelink.com #Adware Lnkr
browfileext.com #Adware Lnkr
browlinkdev.xyz #Adware Lnkr
bugdepromo.com #Adware Lnkr
buycritical.com #Adware Lnkr
caplinkff.com #Adware Lnkr
captiontxt.com #Adware Lnkr
cardinaldata.net #Adware Lnkr
cdn-js.net #Adware Lnkr
cdn-mxpnl.com #Adware Lnkr
cdnclntr.com #Adware Lnkr
check-these-girls-on.live #Adware
check-this-out-now.online #Popups
ciclonrox.com #Adware Lnkr
cinco.net.au #Malware
cjl58f3agc.com #Malware
ckk.ai #Adware
clicksapp.net #Adware Lnkr
clicksgear.com #Malware
clipsold.com #Adware Lnkr
cloffext.com #Adware Lnkr
cloneclicks.com #Adware Lnkr
clonyjohn.com #Adware Lnkr
closemike.com #Adware Lnkr
cloudesky.com #Adware Lnkr
cobalten.com #Malware
coconut.rocks #Adware
codedexchange.com #Malware
colextidapp.com #Adware Lnkr
comandfire.net #Adware Lnkr
comtakelink.xyz #Adware Lnkr
consensu.org #Popups
contendevff.com #Adware Lnkr
cookiereports.com #Annoying Cookie Popup
coolestmedia.net #Adware
cooster.ru #Adware
cosmeticsrc.com #Adware Lnkr
countmake.cool #Adware Lnkr
covid19-info.online #Phishing
covid19quiz.com #Phishing
cozytech.biz #Adware
cpm20.com #Malware
craftprimes.com #Adware Lnkr
criticalltech.com #Adware Lnkr
crphone.mireene.com #Phishing
cybergateway.net #Phishing
cybersecuritiesinc.net #Malware
cybertransfer.net #Adware Lnkr
dardendly.info #Adware
dashvintage.biz #Adware Lnkr
data1rtb.com #Adware
dataanalytic.biz #Adware Lnkr
datapro.website #Adware Lnkr
debrahinton.pro #Malvertising
deloplen.com #Malvertising
denetsuk.com #Malware
devappstor.com #Adware Lnkr
digitaloptout.com #Ad Injector
digitalsmirror.com #Adware
dimagesrc.com #Adware Lnkr
domclickext.xyz #Adware Lnkr
donation-tools.org #Ad Injector
donewrork.org #Adware Lnkr
dowlextff.com #Adware Lnkr
dreamwoman-finder1.com #Malware
dreamwoman-finder2.com #Malware
drivensource.net #Adware Lnkr
drivethelife.com #PUA
easy-download.co #Malware
edatasales.com #PUA
epicunitscan.info #PUA
evenffext.com #Adware Lnkr
ewaglongoo.com #Adware
extcoolff.com #Adware Lnkr
extcuptool.com #Adware Lnkr
extnetcool.com #Adware Lnkr
extnotecat.com #Adware Lnkr
facebookprofileview.com #Malware
fastnewstream.com #Adware
ffdns.net #DNS Exploiters
filehippo-filehippo.com #Fake Site
filehorse.com #Malware
flexylincks.com #Adware Lnkr
fmnetwork.nl #Malware
forwrdnow.com #Adware
foundfax.com #Adware
freecontent.bid #Malware
freecontent.date #Malware
freecontent.faith #Malware
freecontent.loan #Malware
freecontent.party #Malware
freecontent.racing #Malware
freecontent.science #Malware
freecontent.stream #Malware
freecontent.trade #Malware
freshaudio.net #Adware
genyhome.com #Adware Lnkr
getsearchgo.com #Adware Lnkr
gettop.info #RIG Exploit
giftcards4fans.com #Scam
giveaways-nl.com #Scam
glganltcs.space #Adware Lnkr
globaloffers.link #Malware
gmai.com #Fake Site
gmil.com #Fake Site
gnatgrocery.com #Malware
go5news.biz #Adware
goldapps.org #Adware Lnkr
golinkapp.com #Adware Lnkr
googe.com #Malware
googele.com #Typo
grafy.cx #Adware Lnkr
groproext.com #Adware Lnkr
gusimp.net #Malvertising
hanstrackr.com #Malware
happyfeed.net #Adware
hardyload.com #Adware Lnkr
healthandfitnessus.com #Malware Dridex
hemailaccessonline.com #Browser Hijacker
higedev.cool #Adware Lnkr
hitcpm.com #Malware
hmrc-cov19.payment.estrodev.com #Phishing
hoholikik.club #Malvertising
hostingcloud.bid #Malware
hostingcloud.date #Malware
hostingcloud.download #Malware
hostingcloud.faith #Malware
hostingcloud.loan #Malware
hostingcloud.racing #Malware
hostingcloud.science #Malware
icontent.us #Adware Lnkr
ilo134ulih.com #Malvertising
imgfarm.com #PUA - Mindspark
incluster.com #PUA
infoanalytics.tools #Adware Lnkr
interjoan.com #Adware Lnkr
intimepoint.com #Adware
investing-review.com #Scam
ironbeast.io #Suspicious
iubenda.com #Annoying
iyfnzgb.com #Malvertising
jonysource.com #Adware Lnkr
joshtower.net #Adware Lnkr
jshosting.bid #Malware
jshosting.date #Malware
jshosting.download #Malware
jshosting.loan #Malware
jshosting.party #Malware
jshosting.racing #Malware
jshosting.review #Malware
jshosting.stream #Malware
jshosting.trade #Malware
jshosting.win #Malware
jurysatisfy.com #Malware
killertag.org #Adware Lnkr
killssource.com #Adware Lnkr
ladsblue.com #Adware
lalaping.com #Malware
lancheck.net #Adware Lnkr
lhzbdvm.com #Ragentek Rootkit
licupexthis.com #Adware Lnkr
lifebounce.net #Adware Lnkr
lifeimpressions.net #Adware
linkangood.com #Adware Lnkr
linkojager.org #Adware Lnkr
linkpowerapp.com #Adware Lnkr
linkproext.com #Adware Lnkr
linksource.cool #Adware Lnkr
loadsource.org #Data Leakage
loidjony.net #Adware Lnkr
lokimtogo.xyz #Adware Lnkr
lonelyfix.com #Adware Lnkr
loudsjack.com #Adware Lnkr
loungesrc.net #Adware Lnkr
lowffdompro.com #Adware Lnkr
luckypushh.com #Malvertising
lucretius-ada.com #Adware
luselucky.com #Adware Lnkr
madmimi.com #Email spam
magictraps.com #Adware Lnkr
mailguardonline.net #Malware
makefailed.com #Adware Lnkr
makesource.cool #Adware Lnkr
mapsgalaxy.com #PUA - Mindspark
meextffcon.com #Adware Lnkr
metrext.com #Adware Lnkr
mikiloise.org #Adware Lnkr
mikkymax.com #Adware Lnkr
miniklixk.org #Adware Lnkr
minisrclink.cool #Adware Lnkr
mirextpro.com #Adware Lnkr
mixappdev.com #Adware Lnkr
mobiclean.xyz #Adware Lnkr
mobileoffers-ce-download.com #Adware
modelwork.org #Browser Hijacker
money-hero-tracking.org #Malware
moradu.com #Malware
mountihight.com #Adware
mppmnetwork.com #Adware
mwor.gq #Malware
myfood.ltd #Potentially Unwanted Application
mypushz.com #Adware
mysearch.com #Browser Hijacker
n13x4nfw8frika.com #Malvertising
netanalyzer.space #Adware Lnkr
netcomfort.org #Adware Lnkr
new-incoming.email #Adware
newmayads.com #Malware
newssound.biz #Adware Lnkr
nextextlink.com #Adware Lnkr
nextyourcontent.com #Adware
noblesourse.com #Adware Lnkr
nuxues.com #Popups
o4uxrk33.com #Malware
oaqjwapqdho.com #Potentially Harmful
oc.uk #Typo of .co.uk
ofgogoatan.com #PUA
oilcloze.com #Adware Lnkr
omnibox.bar #Browser Hijacker
onclickbright.com #Malvertising
online-betaalverzoek.live #Malware
onlineformfinder.com #PUA - Mindspark
onlinekey.biz #Adware Lnkr
osdrivers.win #Malware
outsource.cool #Adware Lnkr
oyi9f1kbaj.com #Adware
pageanalytics.space #Adware Lnkr
pagescr.cool #Adware Lnkr
painlesses.com #Adware Lnkr
passtechusa.com #Adware
patithatspartal.pro #Adware
paybackall.com #Adware Lnkr
pbterra.com #Malware
pdn-1.com #Malware
pdn-2.com #Malware
pdn-5.com #Malware
penscenario.com #Adware Lnkr
pilotlow.org #Adware Lnkr
pingclock.net #Adware Lnkr
plankjock.com #Adware Lnkr
poligloteapp.org #Adware Lnkr
polinaryapp.com #Adware Lnkr
predictivdisplay.com #Malware
premiumstory.net #Adware
preparedsrc.org #Adware Lnkr
prilgolink.com #Adware Lnkr
primalsuper.com #Adware Lnkr
printapplink.com #Adware Lnkr
privacy-center.org #PUA
profflinkgo.com #Adware Lnkr
proghage.com #Adware Lnkr
programdiag.com #Adware Lnkr
promappdev.com #Adware Lnkr
promclickapp.biz #Adware Lnkr
promlinkdev.com #Malware
promo-bc.com #Ad Injector
propu.sh #Phishing
protesidenext.com #Adware Lnkr
proudflex.org #Malware
proxdevcool.com #Adware Lnkr
prugskh.com #Ragentek Rootkit
prugskh.net #Ragentek Rootkit
push-signals.online #Popups
putrr16.com #Malware
putrr18.com #Malware
pyorrheal708kh.xyz #Malware
pyq6n.com #Malware
qnjdtefk.com #Popups
qpdownload.com #Malware
rasenalong.com #Adware Lnkr
reauthenticator.com #Malware
reddogdangerous.com #Adware Lnkr
reimageplus.com #Scam
report2.biz #Adware
returnweb.org #Adware Lnkr
rgvqcsxqge.com #Malware
roxlock.com #Adware Lnkr
rusenov.com #Malware
s4yxaqyq95.com #Popups
screensrc.com #Adware Lnkr
scrlink.cool #Adware Lnkr
searchnet.com #Malicious Site
searchtabnew.com #Malicious Site
searchyfi.com #Adware Lnkr
securestudies.com #PUA
securesurf.biz #Browser Hijacker
sendmepush.com #Adware
serenityart.biz #Adware Lnkr
serverads.net #Adware Lnkr
shopstorys.com #Adware Lnkr
simonzody.com #Adware Lnkr
singtraff.cool #Adware Lnkr
slickfluide.com #Adware Lnkr
smackbolt.com #Adware Lnkr
solvusoft.com #Malicious Files
sourceapp.cool #Adware Lnkr
sourcelog.cool #Adware Lnkr
sourcestars.net #Adware Lnkr
soursejone.com #Adware Lnkr
special-offers.online #Popups
srclinkapp.biz #Adware Lnkr
statcounter.biz #Adware Lnkr
statsrc.cool #Adware Lnkr
statvalidation.website #Adware Lnkr
stazumik.net #Malware
stoneshards.ru #Malware
styleszelife.com #Malware - Unknown
subscriptions.click #Adware
successcompassion.com #Malware
survivecoronavirus.org #Phishing
sysfileff.com #Adware Lnkr
takethatad.com #Adware Lnkr
taosha.cc #Android Trojan
tdsjsext3.life #Malware
thatsocute.us #Malware
theseoffersforyou.com #Adware
tiny.ie #Phishing
toftothisle.info #Malvertising
togetherforwine.com #Malware
tourtodaylaboratory.com #PUA - Filezilla
trafficpage.cool #Adware Lnkr
trafficvalidation.tools #Adware Lnkr
treestarys.com #Adware Lnkr
trendtext.eu #Adware Lnkr
tribedone.org #Adware Lnkr
trustednotice.news #Popups
tweakbit.com #PUA
u21drwj6mp.com #Malware
ulukaris.com #Malware
uniquecaptcha.com #Adware
untsorce.cool #Adware Lnkr
vabesaura.com #Adware Lnkr
vadalonnsotun.com #Malware
vibeclimate.com #Adware Lnkr
vipicmou.net #Adware
vlc.de #Malware
voxfind.com #Adware
wbidder.online #Popups
wcomhost.com #Phishing
webclose.net #Adware Lnkr
whatcoronavirus.com #Malware
winworker.club #Adware
workdevapp.com #Adware Lnkr
worksrc.cool #Adware Lnkr
worldmodel.biz #Adware Lnkr
wwclickroot.club #Adware
xn--gmail-bgd.com #Fake Site
xyz.com.br #Scammer
ydpi.pw #Adware Lnkr
yourfirstcheapshop.com #Adware
yourrecovery.net #Adware Lnkr
zief.pl #Malicious Site
zinessprop.info #Adware
zoudlogick.net #Adware Lnkr
